refactor: refactor aws accounts basic/advanced (#19)
threeport/user-docs: docs/aws/basic-aws-setup.md

# Basic AWS Setup

> If you need to configure your threeport to manage resources within the same aws account, you can create the required aws-account within threeport as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this documentation to configure Threeport to manage resources within the same AWS account.  If you need to manage workloads in a different AWS account from the one Threeport is deployed in, follow the [Advanced AWS Setup guide](../aws/advanced-aws-setup.md)
```
